.TH C++SIM 3A "23rd December 2016" "C++SIM" "C++SIM Reference Manual"
.SH NAME
Scheduler \- simulation scheduler object
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "#ifndef PROCESS_H_"
.br
.B "#   include <ClassLib/Process.h>"
.br
.B "#endif"
.sp
.BI "class Scheduler"
.br
.BI "{"
.br
.BI "public:"
.BI "	double CurrentTime () const;"
.br
.BI "	void reset () const;
.br
.BI "	static Scheduler& scheduler ();"
.sp
.BI "	static void       terminate ();"
.br
.BI "	void Suspend ();"
.sp
.BI "	void Resume ();"
.br
.BI "	static Boolean simulationStarted ();"
.br
.BI "	static void print (ostream&);"
.br
.BI "protected:"
.sp
.BI "	Scheduler ();
.sp
.BI "	virtual ~Scheduler ();"
.sp
.BI "};"
.SH DESCRIPTION
An instance of this class represents the simulation scheduler.
It maintains the queue of
.B
Process
objects which are currently inactive, and determines which
process will be activated next.

In versions of C++SIM prior to 1.6 the scheduler was a threaded object.
However, for performance reasons this was changed, and the scheduler is no
longer derived from the thread implementation class. To maintain some degree
of backward compatibility, the methods Suspend and Resume remain in the
scheduler class, but correspond to suspending and resuming the simulation,
rather than the scheduler. (The overall effect is the same as in older versions
of C++SIM). The names of these routines may change.

It is not possible for simulations to create instances of this
class. Instead the system guarantees that a scheduler exists when
needed. This is hidden by the
.I
static
method
.B
scheduler()
which returns a reference to the scheduler object.

If the simulation requires to remove this scheduler object it should
invoke the
.I
static
.B
terminate()
method.

The
.B
CurrentTime()
method returns the current simulation time.

.B
reset()
is used when resetting a simulation for a subsequent run. This
first resets the simulation time to 0.0, and then resets all
of the processes on the simulation queue. All simulation processes
have a corresponding method which the scheduler invokes.

.B
simulationStarted()
returns TRUE if the simulation is running or FALSE otherwise. And if you
want to see details of which elements are in the simulation, then the
.B
print()
method can be called.
.SH SEE ALSO
Process(3A), reset(3A), Thread(3A)
